Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
NATHAN: You ever wonder,
like, different choices?
How we might ended up?
SAM: No.
I like the hand
we've been dealt.
Sam!
NATHAN: You, me, together.
We were destined
for something great.
MICHAEL: Why did I move here?
I guess it was the weather.
MICHAEL: Or the--
ah, I don't know,
that thing.
That magic.
FRANKLIN: But I thought
we was trying to get out
of this bullshit?
You sounded more
and more like a snee-ah-itch
every day.
TREVOR: My job, my score,
get your own!
AGENT 14: We should talk
about work.
LAMAR: We out here
gangbanging like it's '91.
We all love banks!
Get me a DJ.
Give me a hand
with these bodies.
This cannot be traced
back to me.
Champagne anyone?
WOMAN: Just sort of
smash things.
So now what?
It was great to kick today off
with a look back
at just some of the seminal
moments of the last 25 years.
And what better way to bridge
our past and our future
than with a game that's graced
every PlayStation console,
Grand Theft Auto.
It's been a privilege
partnering with Rockstar Games
for many years now.
And we're thrilled
to open today with the news
that that partnership will
continue with PlayStation 5.
It's now just over a year
since we began sharing
technical details
of PlayStation 5,
but today's the day that
we've been looking forward to
for years,
when we get to show you
just some of the games
that demonstrate our belief
that PlayStation 5 marks the
biggest generational transition
our industry has yet seen.
The content we've curated
for today's event
showcases how PS5
has inspired developers
to create new experiences
that are transformative
in how they look,
sound, and feel.
Enough from me.
We're gonna have the games
do our talking.
PETER: A hero is just someone
who doesn't give up.
Your dad said that.
He was right.
Now it's your turn.
Go be a hero, Miles.
MILES: Okay.
Let's do this.
RATCHET:
You all right
back there--
no way.
CLANK: It appears
that the dimensions
are collapsing on one another.
If we cannot get to--
get to...
Right, the ship.
I mean, we can't be that far.
MAN: I have it in my sight.
CLANK: They have found us,
Ratchet.
RATCHET: How do I steer
this thing?
CLANK: Ask nicely.
RATCHET: Slow down, please,
that's not listening.
CLANK: The dimensions
are weakening considerably.
RATCHET:
How bad is it?
CLANK: Well,
it is certainly not good.
RATCHET: Great.
CLANK: Where are we?
RATCHET: Beats me.
MAN: How many arms
you got, beast?
We've been boarded.
Get off me ship.
Foul creature.
-CLANK:
-RATCHET: Clank!
CLANK:  Oh, oh.
Ratchet, we are too late.
Ratchet?
Who?
Hi, I'm Marcus Smith, creative
director at Insomniac Games.
The entire studio is so excited
to be able to share with you
a first-ever look
at Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart.
A brand new full-length
inter-dimensional adventure
built from the ground up
for the PlayStation 5.
We're doing things we've never
been able to do before,
like use dimensional rifts
to be able to leap
from planet to planet
nearly instantly,
or put ray trace reflections
on Clank.
All of our alien worlds
are filled with density
and life previously unseen.
Plus Ratchet's all-new arsenal
is more exciting than ever,
thanks to the DualSense's
Controller's enhanced feedback.
Ratchet and Clank
are near and dear to our hearts
in Insomniac and we can't wait
to share more with you
in the future,
but for now here's another look.
Did you see that?
MAN: Like the ride, bro?
Score for lombax.
GIRL: It's Ratchet and Clank.
CLANK: Sandsharks from above.
RATCHET: Nice Sandshark.
Nice Sandshark.
My heroes.
Was that a Kraken?
CLANK: Or at least
a very large octopus.
RATCHET: Robot?
CLANK: I will never get used
to that.
RATCHET: Hey.
Break reality.
MAN: Don't let 'em get
to the boss.
CLANK: There are various reasons
they resurfaced
after all these years
but just to try
and take over
the universe again.
RATCHET: Yeah.
I kind of wish he was doing
a worse job.
CLANK: He must have more plans.
RATCHET: That's what
I'm afraid of.
MAN: Busting out a new max.
RATCHET: That's all of them.
Making games used to be
about these constant trade-offs
between the artistic vision
and technical limitations.
With PS5 we're not gonna be
burdened like that,
we're gonna be able to realize
artistic vision a lot better.
It's got a ton of horsepower
which is very easy to unlock,
and it's a machine that's really
easy to develop on.
The PS5 will present
a paradigm shift
as to what players will come
to expect from gaming.
Will let us tell stories,
make worlds,
create gameplay that I think
will truly captivate the player
and really surprise
quite a few people.
Please take a look at this new
franchise from Worldwide Studios
coming exclusively
for PlayStation 5.
WOMAN: Over and over
I relive my first moments
on this alien planet.
The crash,
the attack,
my death.
The crash,
the attack,
my death.
Trapped in this endless cycle.
Even death is no escape.
Each time I wake
this planet seems
somehow different,
as if changing.
This world
is becoming part of me,
infecting my mind,
my memories.
The longer I spend here,
the more I can feel
my sanity slip away,
but I cannot lose hope.
WOMAN: My only choice
is to keep fighting.
To keep looking for answers.
My only hope
is to break the cycle.
Before the cycle...
breaks me.
ANNOUNCER: Welcome to London.
And our main event
looking to settle some scores
and crush anyone in his way,
Ultimo Bar Ricardo.
Challenging him is Jai
and the whole host
of heavy hitters.
It's time for
Destruction AllStars.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Josh Grier.
And this is my brother, Mike.
We're from Ember Lab,
a small team
with a background in film
and animation.
And we're very excited today
to share with you
the first look
at our new game.
It's a story
full of adventure and charm
that has themes in personal
growth and redemption.
So, please enjoy.
MAN: I know your kind.
You sense the power
that flows through this land.
Yet, you do not fully
understand it.
MAN: Driven by the belief
that you can help
these troubled spirits.
MAN: But you cannot hide
your weakness from me.
You have no power here...
Kena.
WOMAN: You ever feel like
you're just waiting
for a sign...
to do that thing
you've always meant to do?
Sometimes I feel like
I'm just standing on the edge
of doing great things.
But something's
holding me back.
Maybe it's just nerves.
Maybe it's the fear that...
I'll never be as good
as what I imagine,
when I'm still just standing
on the edge.
But if we've got nothing else
to lose,
might as well jump.
Hi. I'm Lorne Lanning,
and I'm here
to share with you
a game that I've been dying
to make.
It's an emotionally
engaging story
where rescuing is rewarding,
failure is devastatingly
hilarious,
and the memories
should last you a lifetime.
Take a look.
WOMAN: You are no longer
a slave, Abe.
They believed,
trusted, followed,
and it led them here.
You may have escaped
the murderous blades,
but the fate
of your entire people
is up to you.
Holy shit!
WOMAN: You must find
your full voice.
WOMAN: You see things
others can't.
Hear threats others don't.
WOMAN: Fight when others won't.
It's up to you to save Tokyo.
AGENT 47: It was always
gonna end like this.
All your hard work,
all your sacrifice,
only sped up the process.
AGENT 47: And now,
you find yourself alone.
AGENT 47:
Only death awaits.
Hakan Abrak here
from Io-Interactive.
In Hitman 3,
Agent 47 is back
for his most intimate
and professional contract
in his entire career.
This is also
the dramatic conclusion
for the World
of Assassination trilogy.
I'm so proud to be here
to present a little glimpse
of the gameplay
where Agent 47
is on top of the world
in Dubai.
Enjoy.
MAN:  the world.
Way to go. Woo-hoo.
What's up, everyone?
I'm Zion Williamson
of the New Orleans Pelicans.
Here we go, the first ever
teaser for the NBA 2K21.
Y'all are not ready
for this.
Strabby.
Strabby, Strabby, Strabby,
Strabby-dy-dy-dy-dy-dy,
Strabby.
Strabby?
DOG: Amazing,
aren't they?
Half bug, half snack.
A very recently
discovered species
entirely unique
to this island.
Oh, this one's lively.
Beautiful seed patterns.
Strabby.
Oh, and it's tasty, too.
Welcome to the island
of Bugsnax.
Awesome.
I got it.
My invitation is open.
Come join me
on the Island of Bugsnax.
Liz, hey, um,
I was trying to carry a lamp
with my weenie hands
but I dropped it, and, uh,
now the town's on fire.
Ugh.
Again?
Boing. Bunger. Bunger.
Bunger. Bunger.
Bunger. Bunger. Bunger.
Hi, everyone.
Thank you
for being with us today
for this very special event.
But before we get
to the end of the show,
I have something
very near and dear to me.
Deathloop is a next-gen,
first-person shooter
about rival assassins
locked in a time loop.
This is our unique vision,
what Arkane is all about.
Freeform immersive gameplay,
a surreal, player-driven story
smashed together.
Want to see
some stylish action?
Check this out.
JULIANNA:
Hello, Blackreef.
Colt, my predecessor,
has been pronounced guilty
of treason.
He is to be shot on sight,
enforced in perpetuity.
Your assistance is appreciated and mandatory.
The real party   doesn't start until he's dead.
BLACKREEF: Ahh.
She is not making this easy.
BLACKREEF: It's pulled.
WOMAN: Look.
We're ready to loop.
WOMAN: Die already.
BLACKREEF: Busted.
Die.
Damn.
MAN: Good morning,
Blackreef.
Another day,
another death.
Aren't time loops fun?
For everyone else
on this island,
this place is paradise,
a never-ending party,
where hunting me
is the main attraction.
And no matter
how I try to escape,
they always cut me down.
But I'm one stubborn
motherfucker.
MAN: Every loop,
I'm learning a little more,
piecing together
the puzzle.
There's eight targets
and they all gotta die
before midnight.
MAN: There's just one
little snag.
JULIANNA: You thought
it was going to be easy?
MAN: Julianna Blake,
Blackreef's protector
and a real pain in my ass.
She may kill me
a million times,
but eventually,
inevitably,
I will break
this fucking loop.
MAN: Down you go.
JULIANNA: I don't like
watching you die.
I like killing you.
There's a difference.
WOMAN: Long ago, a young girl
went with her mother
to pick berries for her father,
who was hard at work.
WOMAN: But the forest
greeted them with a dark,
cold silence.
The bushes empty.
Yet determined to find
the berries,
the rascal broke free
of mother's grasp
and vanished into the trees.
Mother's worried cries
faded fast
as the girl ran on over vine,
under branch.
WOMAN: And into the forest deep.
ETHAN: What is it with that
creepy story?
WOMAN: It's just a local tale.
ETHAN: You're really into
that stuff?
WOMAN: Quit being so paranoid.
-ETHAN: No, no, friendly.
Friendly.
MAN: Who are you?
-Who sent you?
-ETHAN: What's going on? I--
-Shh.
-They're coming.
-ETHAN: Who is?
-ETHAN:
-MAN:
ETHAN: Chris?
Sorry, Ethan.
ETHAN: Why?
MAN:
What is that?
MAN: Freedom,
our freedom.
ALOY: The Old Ones...
perished a thousand years ago.
Their great cities...
turned to graves.
In their place...
came new life...
then new dangers.
ALOY: I must find a way
to stop it
or it will get worse
and worse...
ALOY:
...until it destroys us all.
ALOY: There's nothing
I wouldn't do
to save this world.
No depth I won't explore.
ALOY: No secret I won't unlock.
No barrier I won't cross.
This mission is mine alone.
If I falter,
if I fail,
there won't be
anyone left to stop
what's coming.
ALOY: But whatever comes...
ALOY: I will be ready.
On behalf of the entire team
at Guerrilla
we're happy to share
the first look
at Horizon, Forbidden West.
We're continuing
Aloy's story
as she moves west
to a far future America.
To brave a beautiful
but dangerous frontier
masked with mysterious
new threats.
Get ready to explore
distant lands
ravaged by massive storms.
And take on new powerful
machines as you return...
To the majestic world
of Horizon.
Stay tuned for much more.
We can't wait for you
to get your hands on it.
I think there's a lot to look
forward to for the community.
I think fans are gonna be
really pleased.
DAN: As a game designer
and storyteller,
this is incredibly exciting.
We're talking
a whole new generation
of ideas and experiences that
we can create for the player.
No matter where they are,
no matter who they are.
KYLE: New experiences
like we've never had before.
More iconic,
interesting characters,
more atmospheric,
immersive worlds
for players to explore.
AUSTIN: We want to wow players.
Expect the unexpected.
-And I for one can't wait.
-We can't wait.
We can't wait to share them
with you.
It's so exciting.
Incredibly exciting.
It's really about...
MAN: As a developer,
it's an amazing feeling to have.
Welcome to PlayStation 5.
We hope you've enjoyed
the first glimpse
of our future today.
You've seen our most striking
console design yet,
and you've seen games
that can only be enjoyed
with the full range
of PlayStation 5's
features and power.
At PlayStation, we believe
in generational transitions,
and we've put years of work
into making them happen.
We want you to enjoy
the unique benefits
of moving from one generation
to the next.
Thank you for joining us.
We're launching later this year
and we have tons more to share.
Welcome to PlayStation 5.
ALOY: But whatever comes...
I will be ready.
WOMAN: PlayStation.